# Bellabeat Wellness Data Analysis with R
Bellabeat, a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused products for women. Bellabeat is a successful small company, but they have the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market.

<span style="color: #ff0000;">This is some red text.</span>

### Step 01: ASK
We want to analyze smart device usage data in order to gain insight into how consumers use non-Bellabeat smart devices. We will select one Bellabeat product to apply these insights to in your presentation.

Question of the client:
1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?

#### Deliverables:
1. A clear summary of the business task
2. A description of all data sources used
3. Documentation of any cleaning or manipulation of data
4. A summary of your analysis
5. Supporting visualizations and key findings
6. Your top high-level content recommendations based on your analysis

**Business Task:** The main task is to identify the usage trends of other smart devices and find a way to implement those in our devices.

**Data Source:** This dataset generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B). Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences.


   
### Step 02: PREPARE
The data has been downloaded from Kaggle and stored in a new and separate folder so that it is easily accessible.


